[light music]
[foreboding music]
[theme music]
[gunshot]
[theme music continues]
[Mr. Park] You son of a bitch!
Hey!
[Mr. Park screams]
-[whimpers]
-[goon] Boss!
Boss!
You come anywhere near me…
[shrieks]
-and down he goes.
-Do what he says.
Stay back! Stay back, you idiots!
[goon] Yes, boss. You heard him, get back!
Babel doesn't own this building,
Mr. Cho does.
If you wanna live, pull me up now.
Pull me up!
-[Mr. Park whimpers]
-This building does not belong to you.
[shuddering]
I'll get it back,
and then I'll get revenge.
[whimpers]
[in Italian]
This building belongs to me.
[lady tenant] That was Italian, right?
What did he say?
[Mr. Tak] Huh? What did he say?
He said, uh…
Wow!
É mio! É mio! É mio! É mio!
[applause]
[laughs]
Give me your word you'll go.
Then I'll pull you up.
I will. Help me up.
-Pardon?
-I said we'll go. Help me up!
-Promise?
-What? Okay, okay. I promise.
-[Vincenzo] Stamp it.
-Do I have to?
Okay. I can't straighten my finger.
[screams]
Oh, it hurts.
-[Vincenzo] Stamp it.
-[Mr. Park] You cruel bastard.
Ow! Okay. It's done. Help me up! Hurry!
Well, move.
Pull me up!
Damn it, hurry!
-[goon] Boss!
-[Mr. Park] Ah!
-[Mr. Park grunting]
-[goon] Be careful!
We've got you, sir. You're safe!
[Mr. Park groans]
[goon 1] No, it's not. You can't.
Don't move. Don't move.
-[Mr. Park groans]
-[goon 2] Boss, are you all right?
Oh, no! You're hurt!
[screams]
This is gonna leave a mark.
[Mr. Park whimpers]
Damn it!
[groans]
[breathes heavily]
-Kill him.
-[goon] You got it.
-[shattering]
-[Vincenzo sighs]
I guess the errand boy
isn't a man of his word after all. Hm?
-Let's go!
-[goons screaming]
[policeman] That's enough!
Hey! Stop it! Stop right there.
Seriously?
Mr. Park, you should leave.
There are reporters out there.
What do you mean? Why?
How the hell should I know?
[policeman] All right.
It's time to go, okay? Let's get moving!
-[policeman] All right.
-Get off me!
Hey. Hey!
You're dead.
I'll hang you from this plaza myself.
Oh, shit, shit, shit!
[moans]
Damn, it hurts.
-[Toto] And don't come back!
-[Yeon-jin] Go, get out of here.
[Mr. Tak] Those bastards.
What just happened?
You and I need to go talk.
-[Mr. Park] Gosh.
-[banging on table]
Didn't I tell you not to do
anything stupid?
I know what I'm doing.
I already told you that they threatened
Mr. Cho to force him to sign.
"Threatened"?
[laughs]
And what would you call your little stunt?
You guys are unbelievable.
Behaving like spoiled children!
[yells]
Why won't you just…
[in Italian]
Why won't he trust me?
You must feel pretty guilty
if you're saying things in Italian.
[in Italian]
Shut up!
It sounds like you might be swearing.
[Vincenzo sighs]
Listen.
Why would I still be here
if I had sold this place?
I would already be out of here
with the money!
-He has a point.
-Quiet!
Go back to your country, will you?
And stop making things even worse.
Babel E&C Pharma and Wusang Law,
they're all worthless.
Get out. All of you get out.
Come on! What did I do to you? Wow!
I don't expect you to believe me.
But I'm going to get this building back.
[chuckles]
-You know it's impossible.
-[door opens]
-The contract's already been signed.
-[door slams]
[scoffs]
[door opens]
-Can I help you?
-[door closes]
Yes, I'm with HBN News. I'm looking for…
Mr. Vincenzo Cassano.
Is he here? He called us.
He called you?
[Vincenzo sighs]
[Cha-young] Mister!
You're full of surprises.
You even called the media.
EPISODE 2
There's just one thing I don't understand.
Why would you be getting so worked up
about this even more so than your client?
Based on how much it sold for,
your commission should be pretty good.
Money aside, you really don't think
this will upset me?
Not at all.
Lawyers don't usually let their feelings
get in the way of their cases.
European lawyers are actually
quite strict about it.
What are you trying to say?
I know that
there's something else going on.
There's some other reason
that you're doing it.
Well…
What could it be?
I have no idea.
But it's gotta be something that's even
more valuable than the building.
[quirky music]
[sucks teeth]
[Mr. Lee] I knew this would happen.
These assholes in fancy suits
were all the same.
Six days, what a joke.
I'll put him in a choke hold for 11 days
and see who's laughing then.
Can you just sit down
so we can talk about it?
-Fine.
-Sit down. Relax.
So, it's true.
He ripped us off, didn't he?
I knew it! I said we shouldn't trust him
or his handsome face!
He was so mean to me about my food.
I am older than him,
and, and he disrespected me.
This Booralro or Vincenzo guy
screwed us over
more than the building owner.
You're right.
He totally lied right to our faces.
Should I go teach him a lesson?
How about I beat that good-looking face
of his into a pulp?
Right there, huh? How'd you like that?
Come on.
I get that you're upset, but you can't
just wreck his beautiful face.
She's right, you know. You should
probably stop embarrassing yourself.
Why are we always the ones
getting ripped off?
We're not that stupid. It's not fair!
[scoffs]
But we're not that smart, either.
I still can't do multiplication.
Well, good for you.
[sighs]
I even got a new stamp
to seal the agreement.
Hey, Toto. Aren't all Italian men
supposed to be, like, gentlemen?
Uh, I don't know. They slack off,
and they are masters of deception.
They use their hand gestures
to disrespect people.
So, what are we supposed to do now?
[Larry Kang] You'll be okay.
You'll find another temple to go to.
We're not leaving. We will stay with you,
all of you, until this is over.
We need to know for sure
that this man did indeed deceived us.
What does it matter anyway?
We've already lost this place!
The reporters.
He was the one who called them.
What's his plan? What is he after?
I will investigate further,
and I will find out exactly
whose side he's on.
-And one, two.
-[all whooping]
-[instructor] Higher.
-Yeah!
-[instructor] One, two, three, four.
-[pants]
-[woman] Faster!
-Yeah. And eight!
[all panting]
[instructor] That's it. Good.
[woman] Awesome!
[panting, whooping]
-[upbeat music]
-[instructor] And hip circles. That's it!
-That's it.
-[instructor] All right. Two…
PROSECUTOR CHOI MYUNG-HEE
[Ms. Choi humming]
Now, Deputy Minister Lee Nam-su.
[Ms. Choi clears throat]
Okay.
[hums]
So…
Admit that you, Minister Park Dae-jin,
and President Kim Song-hyeon
of JT Investment were all together
eating sushi at a restaurant
in Cheongdam-dong.
That's all I'll be needing today.
Tell me first,
what kind of story will you
and the reporters make up this time?
Oh! That's very harsh, you know.
I'm just trying to protect you.
I'm not going to reveal this
to the public or the media.
You're trying to follow JT Investments
all the way to the top.
I can't let you do that.
Sir, I have a specialty, you know.
Show me a perfect garden,
and I'll dig up all the dirt.
[chuckles]
Is that so?
[laughs, inhales]
You're skeptical.
[exhales]
Minister Kim Ui-pyeong,
he had over a billion won in debt,
no house, nothing at all.
Who do you think accused him
of illegally accumulating his wealth
and made him…
kill himself?
Ms. Choi, that's enough!
So, you see, I can find fault
in even the most innocent.
Now, watch me.
[Mr. Cho] I'm sorry.
[Vincenzo] Don't say that.
[sighs]
I'm glad your family is safe now.
The Plaza…
The Plaza building…
If Babel demolishes it,
they'll definitely find out.
You have to destroy it before they can.
[Vincenzo] There's more.
The secret room comes
with another line of defense.
3 YEARS AGO
Another line of defense?
That's right, the very last line.
The room will be in direct contact
with the building's columns and beams
and will have a device
that amplifies impact.
When the room is subjected to distress,
the impact causes a chain reaction,
weakening the structure,
and the building collapses.
[suspenseful music]
-[grunts]
-[thwacks]
[Vincenzo] If anyone tries to break in
to steal the gold…
-[alarm beeps]
-[Vincenzo chuckles]
[rumbling]
the building will be their grave.
One more thing, and it's important.
Get rid of every person
who helped build the room
and even knows about it.
Except for Mr. Cho and myself, of course.
[chuckles]
The only way anyone, apart from you,
can get the gold…
is by tearing down the whole building.
The blueprint is a gift from the family
as proof of our friendship.
[Mr. Cho translates]
1 YEAR AGO
[light music]
WANG SHAOLIN, A CHINESE TYCOON,
DIES OF CARDIAC ARREST AFTER A SWIM
[Vincenzo] What about his family,
do they know about the room?
10 MONTHS AGO
No. I'm sure nobody does
aside from us three.
From what I know of the man,
he wasn't the type to tell anybody.
Mr. Cho.
How would you feel
about an early retirement?
3 MONTHS AGO
[Mr. Cho] Babel E&C has
been purchasing residential
and commercial property nearby.
They contacted me. What should I do?
Say you're planning to rebuild it.
After the construction begins,
we only need two days.
Enough time to move the gold.
NANYAK TEMPLE
[Vincenzo] I need to get them out of here
so I can tear down this building.
I need to get that gold.
[Mr. Lee] I spoke to him.
When should the workers to come by?
[Chaesin] Please tell your friend
three days from now.
[Chaesin] That would be perfect.
-[Mr. Lee] Okay. I'll tell him.
-[Vincenzo] Uh…
[chuckles]
Is something being repaired in there?
Yeah. Workers are coming
to fix the boiler.
Ah…
What are you doing here?
[chuckles]
I couldn't help but notice the text.
Oh.
"Do not expect crime to make you rich."
Yeah, you shouldn't do that.
[Mr. Lee] So…
"Do not be greedy for wealth or land.
Do what is right."
-[Mr. Lee] Shall we go in?
-[Chaesin] Thank you.
[Vincenzo clears throat]
[Chaesin groans]
[Chaesin] Praying on this cold floor
gave me hemorrhoids.
-[Mr. Lee] Oh, ouch.
-[tocsin knocking]
I know what you mean.
That sharp pain right on your…
Anyway, this weekend,
we'll install the boiler.
Wait, no!
[echoing]
[dramatic music]
I mean…
why waste your money,
they're going to demolish
this place anyway?
I'll buy you a heating pad
that can cover the entire room
-and pay for the electricity.
-Oh, no. That's all right. Don't worry.
[yells]
I said no!
-[groans]
-Hey.
[groans]
[sighs]
I insist that you let me help you.
I appreciate you and all you do.
[chants]
Ahh…
It must be the Buddha's presence
coming to him from below.
Ah.
-Are you… Are you okay?
-It's… Slowly.
[dramatic music rises]
[sighs]
So then, the witness confessed to perjury.
Even if the second trial takes place,
there's not enough evidence,
they'll throw it out.
-It's over then.
-Yes.
My dad has no more tricks up his sleeve.
Ah, well,
Yu-chan must be getting old then.
He's out of moves.
[deep inhale]
Good luck with the wrap up.
[Cha-young] Thank you, sir.
-[door opens]
-[both scream]
What the hell are you doing?
You scared the…
-[clears throat]
-[Mr. Han] Damn it.
I can't believe you,
you have zero manners. No class.
Look at you wearing sneakers at work.
And why did you hire him
out of everyone you could've chosen?
It was you who chose me, sir.
I? That was me?
I really need to quit drinking.
-[thumps]
-[groans]
Sorry, boss!
[sighs]
Cha-young.
Oh, shut up!
[sighs]
Cha-young.
[pants]
-It's just that…
-Well, what is it?
Babel Pharmaceutical's
Development Division called.
Qua… Quar… Quartera…
Quarantine?
Right! One of their quarantine
researchers has disappeared.
What?
The Italian Intelligence Service
sent this.
Mm.
DIRECTOR TAE JONG-GU
After his boss died,
Vincenzo Cassano was next in line,
and he was targeted by the mob.
I believe or…
I believe he fled here
to avoid being killed.
What does a member
of the Mafia coming here
have to do with our security?
What do you mean?
The most dangerous gang
in the world marches into--
"Marches"? That's what you think this is?
Then, if two of them happen to come in,
it would be an invasion?
But what if Vincenzo starts to build
a new gang right here in Korea?
He'll need money for that.
How much do you think
he was able to bring in?
He could have secretly stashed
a fortune in Korea.
But why would he hide money in Korea?
There's so many better places.
Sir, please authorize me
to look into this.
I'll get to the bottom of it, I promise.
You'd better not spend
any of our money on this.
For every ten you waste,
I'll take off a 100,000.
-Sir, let me!
-Enough!
Where was I… Right. Go help out a yakuza.
A yakuza breaded himself
with a stab knife yesterday…
Wait. He stabbed the bread with…
Damn it. I can't even say it.
Get out!
Sir, it's the Mafia.
Like the movie, The Godfather.
[Director Tae] Yeah, yeah.
[scoffs]
SHINKWANG BANK
1,198,345 WON
This should be enough.
Mark my words, Vincenzo Cassano.
I'll pay for this mission myself.
[chuckles]
TOTAL
INTEREST ON LOAN
REMAINING BALANCE
-[coin clinks]
-[scoffs]
It's fine.
[chuckles]
It's fine. It's gonna be fine.
[operatic singing]
♪ O sole mio ♪
-[cries]
-[coins clinking]
[reporter 1] You said it was time to tell
the truth for all the victims of Babel.
Were you lying about that?
[Seon-ho] Yes. I'm sorry.
[reporter 2] Why did you lie?
-Didn't I tell you that one day…
-[Seon-ho] I'm sorry.
you would regret this?
[Seon-ho] I know I hurt people.
-You sold your integrity for wealth.
-[reporter 1] Any words for the victims?
-The victims' wounds will never heal.
-I know I caused trouble.
-To everyone I've hurt, I'm sorry.
-[sighs]
[Mr. Hong] What are you doing?
Getting rid
of the Babel lawsuit documents.
It's really over.
-Don't say that. It's not over…
-Until it's over?
I'm pretty sure this one is.
We never know, though.
Maybe things will still go our way.
Things don't normally go our way.
Well, maybe this time they will!
Oh, God, help us.
Oh, God!
-You little…
-[door closes]
Back with some more lies, are you?
I need a favor.
I need to see everything you have
on Babel E&C.
What for?
Ah…
Know your enemy before you beat them.
[Mr. Hong] Wow.
You're really committed to this stunt?
Yes.
When I pull this off,
you and the tenants will be blown away.
You should go.
[deep inhale]
I always thought the enemy
of my enemy was my--
Friend. Right?
[groans]
-[Mr. Hong sighs]
-[thuds]
Some friend…
[somber music]
[sighs]
[foreboding music]
[sighs deeply]
[sighs]
Sir.
You know, if you doubt me,
you'll be no closer to winning.
Give me a chance.
I want to earn your trust.
-Ju-sung.
-Yeah, yeah?
The Babel E&C files…
get them.
[Mr. Nam] Yes, sir.
[truck revs]
You've known for two whole days,
and you didn't tell us?
Look at her. She's so upset!
I'm sorry.
Ah! Oh, my God.
[sighs]
I thought I told you to watch the new
researchers you hired very closely.
I had them stay at the chairman's villa
so they would keep their mouth shut!
[sighs]
We'll lose this suit
if that researcher starts talking.
And you can forget about that new drug!
I'm truly sorry.
Do the higher-ups know?
Oh, no. No, ma'am, they don't.
Let's keep it quiet then.
Don't you breathe a word.
Never.
[researcher] Okay.
[scoffs]
[Joon-woo sighs]
[Cha-young] One whistleblower.
It doesn't matter
how well we cover things up,
one whistleblower could ruin everything.
Do you think there's a chance
the researcher will go see your dad?
-Hey!
-[gasps]
I didn't say it out loud
because I didn't wanna jinx it.
[spitting]
[groans]
-[grumbles]
-Sorry.
They can go to anyone they want,
as long as it isn't my dad.
[nervous chuckle]
I'm sure they haven't.
You would've heard by now.
Besides, even if they knew anything,
they wouldn't go to an incompetent lawyer.
Yeah.
[suspenseful music]
-[Joon-woo] Who's that?
-Jang Han-seo, Babel's chairman.
Hm?
[Cha-young] Hello, sir.
[chuckles]
You are?
I'm Hong Cha-young from Wusang Law Firm,
managing the Babel lawsuit.
I've heard of you.
Didn't she ask to borrow my villa?
[chuckles]
That's right.
It was the safest place I could think of.
It's fine. I rarely use it.
Let me know if you need anything else.
I'm very busy,
so next time get right to the point.
Yes, sir.
[comical music]
[Joon-woo] I get that he's the CEO,
but we just met and he's talking to us
like he's better than us.
-He's just a kid. You son of…
-Shh!
He's rich and powerful.
Kid or not, he can talk however he wants.
-Hmm, okay.
-Hold on.
-Now, you've made me paranoid.
-Hmm?
I've gotta go home.
Uh, already?
[Joon-woo clears throat]
Wanna get some steak?
I got paid yesterday.
No, thank you. As if.
[sighs]
Away she goes again.
Cha-young! Your car's over there!
The other way!
Over there!
LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
BABEL PHARMACEUTICALS SUED
AFTER TEST SUBJECT DIES
Mr. Nam.
Could you bring me the documents
pertaining to the lawsuit, please?
-What for?
-Just curious.
Oh, um…
-I should probably ask him about it first.
-Do it.
Give him all the files, all right?
Yes, of course.
[Mr. Nam] Here they are.
[quirky music]
[Mr. Hwang sighs]
It was very impressive
how you dealt with Lee Nam-su.
Good work.
Oh, he's a smart man.
We understood each other.
-So, who's next?
-Your part's done.
Mr. Seo is assigning
Prosecutor Seo U-yeong to the case.
Prosecutor Seo U-yeong?
Mr. Seo, this isn't
your nephew's area of expertise.
What better way to learn
than through doing?
[deep sigh]
[Mr. Hwang] Besides, there's another
matter that requires your attention.
This business with Chief Kim Won-u,
can you take care of it?
[sighs]
The victim of the sexual assault
testified against him,
so did the witness who was at the scene,
and the footage of the villa was found.
More than enough evidence.
Exactly. That's why I want you to fix it,
so it doesn't look as bad.
[Mr. Hwang] Mr. Kim isn't the only one
hurt by this.
Our office's reputation is at stake, hmm?
Sir, here, let me pour you some more.
[whispers]
Goddamn it.
[scoffs]
JIPURAGI LAW FIRM
[groans]
How many times have I come back today?
[whimpers]
[sighs]
How am I gonna get it out of him?
Cha-young, you can do this.
Let's get it.
[wolf howls]
[clears throat]
LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
[Cha-young] Fast asleep.
I guess the researcher
didn't come here after all.
BABEL E&C, BABEL PHARMACEUTICALS
What are you doing?
[Mr. Hong] Why did you come back?
Will you answer?
Have you seen my wallet?
I lost it.
Uh, oh, it's not here. I cleaned
the entire office, top to bottom.
[dog growls, whines]
[sucks teeth]
Where is it?
It's not here. I guarantee it.
Why is he reading about Babel?
Because he wanted to.
"Know your enemy
if you want to beat them."
What?
Babel Group is…
[clears throat]
Would you mind if I use vulgar language
in your office?
Sure, go for it.
-They're assholes. All of them.
-[scoffs]
Oh, yeah?
Just like the Mafia and yakuza
and their tactics.
We all know they're like that.
But some lawyers help them
stay out of jail.
Vincenzo Quassano.
Why are you doing this?
Because they're out of line.
Because of what they do
to get what they want.
And Wusang Law,
well, that makes them guilty, too.
Wusang Law, they mooch off Babel
just like parasites.
[Vincenzo] Exactly.
Assholes like them should pay
for their crimes.
"Pay". I like the sound of that.
Yes, they should pay.
[laughs]
Oh, you guys just click, don't you?
Have you thought about a TV show together?
"Hong-Vin TV," or "Hong-Qua TV."
Doesn't that sounds fun?
[cackles sarcastically]
I should get going now.
If there's anything you need,
I'm glad to help.
-Are there more documents?
-Yes, there are. We have so many.
[chuckles]
No, thank you. This will be fine.
Sir. Hey, your tie is…
Oh. Thank you, sir.
-[Mr. Hong] Goodbye.
-Thank you for your help.
[Cha-young groans]
[hurried footsteps]
So, this was your plan then?
Rile up my dad so he keeps fighting Babel
while you make a healthy profit
from the lawsuit?
Am I right?
I'm going to eat. Go away.
Unfortunately,
I've had to close for the day
since we ran out of ingredients.
You can try the Yeongho Snack Bar.
Best tteokbokki around.
Two thumbs up, sir.
[quirky music]
[sighs deeply]
[sobs]
YEONGHO SNACK BAR
Hello.
[Hui-su] You're not welcome here.
But I'm hungry.
Well, that's too bad, isn't it?
But I can order, right?
You can't sit there.
So, you don't wanna eat?
[chair creaks]
-Sit down.
-[sighs]
What can I get you?
Take your pick.
Tteokbokki.
Plain rice cake, traditional gochujang,
and on the side, I'll have, uh…
-Two orders, please.
-Okay.
I'm surprised someone like you
can be so basic.
Why "basic"?
Oh, no one's ever called you that before?
For starters,
you're eating like a tourist.
[deep inhale]
I wanna make this clear.
I am not trying to rile up your dad.
I'm just making sure
I'm prepared for a war.
[scoffs]
Your enemy is preparing for World War III,
and you're armed with a few little rocks?
Do you think that's all I have?
Yeah. When the weak are backed
into a corner, they throw stones,
or butt heads.
Hmm.
I could try that.
[chuckles]
You should go back to Italy
where things are simpler.
Korea is just bad news.
Why? What makes it bad?
In Italy, it's only the Mafia
that get their hands dirty.
But here, everybody is involved.
Politicians, police,
prosecutors, corporations.
All of them.
It doesn't matter who you're up against,
they're all gonna hunt you,
and it's going to get ugly.
Why?
That's Korea.
-Thanks for the advice.
-[Hui-su] Your tteokbokki is ready.
[Cha-young] Mmm.
May I have some water, please?
I think you can get it yourself.
That's a water jug.
Thank you.
[sighs deeply]
-Let's eat. Yum!
-Thank…
[Cha-young humming]
[Cha-young moaning]
-[Cha-young] This is delicious.
-Not too basic?
-Nope!
-[Hui-su giggles]
Hey, Mom. I'm hungry.
[sighs]
[sighs, groans]
What?
[sniffs]
[groans]
-[sniffing]
-What are you doing?
-[thwacks]
-[grunts]
[Yeong-ho] What?
What did I tell you about smoking?
I didn't.
I was just standing next to them.
I said you'd be in for a world of hurt
if you lie to me.
-One, two. Knock it off.
-Hey!
What are you doing? Don't hit your son!
If you wanna live,
put your hands up and fight.
-Mom! Come on, it hurts.
-One, two! One, two!
-One, two!
-Seriously!
-[Cha-young gasps]
-[Hui-su] You little brat!
[screams]
-Come back here! I'll catch you!
-Whoa!
Does she have a black belt?
Oh!
[Cha-young gasps]
[Cha-young] Oh, no!
[somber music]
Your suit.
[car doors closing]
So you want me to take the fall
for that disgusting pig, do you?
Let's go.
[foreboding music]
I'm going to destroy
each and every last one of you, bastards.
[car horn beeps]
Over here!
[railway signal ringing]
[chuckles]
I'll cut to the chase.
Ms. Choi… I mean, Myung-hee.
[chuckles]
Myung-hee.
-[laughs]
-[groans]
Come join my law firm. Huh?
You're gonna have to explain yourself.
Prosecutor Hwang and Mr. Seo,
everybody knows they wanna turn
the Namdongbu Prosecutors' Office
into a cartel.
So that even
the Reform Committee can't touch them.
Do you think they're gonna let you in?
No way!
They'll use you,
and then toss you up like garbage.
Oh, that's enough!
Just drink some more
and stop nagging me, will you?
[Mr. Han] I'm not nagging you.
-[train rattles]
-[bell chiming]
[Mr. Han] If you join the team,
you can be the one to bring them down.
Are you totally nuts?
[sighs]
You know we have Babel Group
as a client, right?
-They've got our back.
-[Ms. Choi scoffs]
-They'll support us no matter what.
-Come on. They're just a company.
Trust me, in three years,
they'll be one of the 20 richest.
Their drugs are second to none.
Besides, their CEO is a nut job.
We can handle him.
I imagine that
they're making it worth your while.
[laughs]
You know, the more shit that I clean up,
the richer I get.
[both laughing]
Unbelievable.
[Ms. Choi laughs]
So, we just wipe their asses, or what?
Leave all the details to me, okay?
I just need you to work your magic
like you always do.
Are you sure you haven't been working
as a salesman?
Just choose me
like you choose your clothes.
I heard you can buy a whole new outfit
in just ten minutes.
[sighs]
Oh, enough drinking.
[chuckles]
How crazy is this CEO?
[ominous music]
[skates swooshing]
[skates screeching]
Sorry, I take full responsibility.
I should've kept a closer eye
on the researchers.
I'll take care of it…
[grunts]
[groans]
I apologize for the delays
with Babel Tower.
There were issues with the building owner.
I'll also take care of…
[grunts]
[Han-seo groaning]
I promise…
to be more thorough from now on.
I promise I won't disappoint you again.
[tense music]
[Han-seo] Please give me one more chance.
I promise I'll do better.
[Han-seo grunts]
-[thwacks]
-[grunts]
-[thumps]
-[groans]
[grunts]
[clicks]
[ominous music]
[in Italian]
Look at me.
[man whimpering]
[gunshot]
[gasps]
[exhales sharply]
-[breathes heavily]
-[cars honking in distance]
[scoffs]
[sighs]
[classical music]
[Vincenzo] Don't tell me you run out
of ingredients again.
No.
So, if it wasn't Italy,
where did you learn to cook?
[gulps]
Jincheon.
At a place called Mother's Touch Cooking.
"Mother's Touch"?
Well, I hope that today
I can finally get a bit of a mom's touch.
But I'm not a mom.
If not, then I'll have no choice
but to expose you.
What?
Risotto allo Zafferano.
[laughs]
[enunciating]
The saffron risotto.
Sure. Coming right up.
[Vincenzo] Mmm.
[Vincenzo sighs]
[Vincenzo exhales sharply]
[hums]
[moans]
[moans loudly]
-[Toto gasps]
-[retches]
[Vincenzo groans]
[laughs]
Wow!
Well, it tastes like day-old vomit.
If this is a mother's touch,
I would never want to meet your mother.
[Toto gasps]
You have a gift for making terrible food.
[whimpers]
-[door closes]
-[whimpers]
[grunts]
[sobs]
-Right here, this is what I meant.
-Earlier, you said--
-[Vincenzo] Sir.
-Yes?
I need us to go somewhere.
Uh, where?
BABEL E&C
[Mr. Hong] They won't see you
without an appointment.
-[Vincenzo] I think they will.
-[Mr. Hong] What?
How may I help you?
Mr. Na Deok-jin of Investment
and Development, please.
-Do you have an appointment?
-No.
Then I'm afraid the meeting is impossible.
BILL OF INDICTMENT
Tell him he has a bill of indictment
for threatening and abetting an abduction.
[action music]
[whispers]
When did you get that?
Ha!
[laughs]
Unbelievable.
All right. Let me see it.
[Mr. Hong sighs]
[scoffs]
[thumps]
BILL OF INDICTMENT
THREAT AND ABETTING AN ABDUCTION
[sighs deeply]
It's empty.
I lied, so we could have a chat.
[sighs]
Haven't we paid you enough already?
Why are you still hounding us?
We're not hounding!
We're just trying to do what's right.
[sighs]
So, why don't you sue me or report me?
Do whatever you want.
Or shave your head
and join the demonstrators
in front of the Blue House.
No.
I thought I would follow your example.
We'll just kidnap your family
and force you to cancel the contract.
[Mr. Na] What, you think
you can intimidate me
with that Godfather talk?
You think you're… you're Mafia
since you're from Italy?
-[clanks]
-[Mr. Na gasps]
[Mr. Na groaning, grunting]
I'm glad you asked.
'Cause if this was Italy,
you would already be fertilizer
for the vineyards.
[groans]
You would already be a cheap wine
probably a buy-one-get-one-free.
This isn't a negotiation.
Consider it a warning to you.
[Mr. Na whimpering]
Yeah. Yeah.
[thrilling music]
So, that's how it used to go in Italy?
Sometimes.
I loved your line about fertilizer.
"Buy-one-get-one-free."
-Hey.
-[sighs]
You're two for the prize of one.
I should use that some time.
[laughs]
Let's eat, I'm buying.
Two meals for the price of one.
[Mr. Hong laughs]
RESIGNATION LETTER
[sighs deeply]
[Mr. Kim] You must already have an offer
from another company.
Wusang Law Firm? Wintis?
-Or Ko and Gu?
-No, sir.
[deep inhale]
I just need a break.
We're not stupid.
What's the real reason?
Well, uh…
What can I say?
I'm sick of being your hound.
That's a bit harsh.
Sorry to be the bearer of bad news,
but no matter where you go,
you'll always be a dog on a leash.
Oh, I know.
But…
my leash will be longer.
And they'll feed me better.
[laughs]
See you later.
[sighs]
Ms. Choi.
Where are you going? Hey!
PROSECUTOR CHOI MYUNG-HEE
Prosecutor or not, I'm going to enjoy
destroying you before I go.
[whooping]
[glass shatters]
Oh, boy.
[man] Yeah. Aren't we supposed to start--
[Mr. Han clears throat]
Good afternoon.
Through here, please.
-Wow, spared no expense.
-[Mr. Han chuckles]
[Do-hun] Isn't that Prosecutor Choi?
Sit down.
I'm sorry to have called this meeting
at the last minute.
But we have a very important guest.
I'm sure you all know her.
Prosecutor Choi Myung-hee.
[Mr. Han] Starting today,
she's going to be a senior lawyer
at Wusang.
[laughs]
Pretty soon, she'll be
representing the firm on my behalf.
[suspenseful music]
[chuckles]
[applause]
[Mr. Han] I just knew you'd be excited.
Wusang will be completely untouchable!
Please say a few words.
I have two things to say. First.
Achieving small victories
eventually leads to much bigger ones.
And second, please…
let's not work hard
if we won't be appreciated. Okay?
[Mr. Han chuckles]
Clap for her, come on!
[laughs]
[scoffs]
[In-seo] Look at her acting all tough
from day one.
She just got here.
How can she possibly represent the firm?
She's a rookie.
Well, she was their best prosecutor.
Ms. Hong, now she is the perfect choice
to represent us.
Just think of how much she's achieved.
You're not criticizing me.
What are you doing?
[scoffs]
Criticize you?
We just think
the whole thing is really unfair.
Well, that doesn't justify the smirks
on your faces.
-Damn, she is sharp. How did she know?
-[Do-hun scoffs]
[scoffs]
I've known ever since
he deducted those taxes.
[scoffs]
[dramatic music]
[growling]
[snarling]
[roars]
[snarls]
Look, I get it, but it doesn't have heart.
Yeah, you just look like
you're dying from the plague.
I could do it just as well.
Like this.
[growls]
Wow! It's so good. Me, too.
[both growling]
-I'm a pretty zombie.
-You're so good at this. Wow!
[snarling]
-Oh!
-Get away from me!
-That's not how you do it.
-Try it again, Larry.
Not like this. This!
[all growling]
[all snarling]
[woman 1] Put your back into it.
That's it.
[all growling]
[all snarling]
-Oh, my gosh.
-We…
We thought we heard
somebody dying in here.
What were you doing?
I was chosen to coach the zombies
for Train to Ulsan II.
I was just practicing.
-We're helping.
-[nervous chuckle]
Ah! Zombies.
-[Mr. Hong chuckles]
-[snarls]
Good luck with that.
-[growls]
-[chuckling]
Let's go.
Okay.
[sighs]
What have I done?
His cold yet beautiful stare
saw everything.
He probably even saw the roof of my mouth.
What shall I do?
What?
Well, if that movie of yours
needs a few more zombies,
just call us.
[growling]
-Yeah. Me, too.
-[growling]
-I can't cast you.
-[women snarling]
No, I can't just put whoever
in this movie.
[light clicking]
[Vincenzo] So, one week
after they give notice,
Babel E&C forcibly evicts
the building's residents.
Yes, that's' their pattern.
They demolish the non-residential areas,
and they scare off
the remaining residents.
It's completely illegal,
but Wusang Law Firm protects them.
But there must be some laws
to protect the tenants?
I heard that in situations like this,
the tenants are compensated,
and the demolition date can be negotiated.
I read that.
You've read a lot about this.
Babel's behavior didn't make sense.
I wanted to figure them out.
I see.
Those laws exist, but Babel gets away
with paying tenants basically nothing.
And they don't care if anyone gets hurt.
The eviction suit is
probably their first priority.
You and I should get ready.
But don't you think the biggest issue
is the illegal demolition?
Yes.
[inhales]
They'll make their move in a day or two.
But there's nothing we can do.
[inhales]
Oh.
[clears throat]
[sighs]
Here. You want one?
-No, thank you.
-Then, why…
Do you wanna go for a drink then?
-[laughs]
-[coughs]
Oh.
You've never had makgeolli before?
No.
[clears throat]
Hm. You should drink up,
the hangover is not that bad.
You might as well, right?
[Mr. Hong] Here you go.
[slurping]
[groans]
[sighs]
Two cups later,
[clears throat]
I can finally taste it.
Oh! Well, in that case,
time to have a little more.
Yes. Here.
[laughs]
Ah.
Cheers.
-[clinks]
-[groans]
Wow.
[Mr. Hong chuckles]
[sighs]
[deep inhale]
[Vincenzo sighs]
By the way, congratulations
for volunteering to join me in hell?
[chuckles]
I'm taking on Babel because I'm stupid.
You're not, though.
Aren't you…
Aren't you also a public defender?
I am. For one person.
[sighs]
I feel terrible for her.
She was wrongfully convicted of murder.
But she's accepted her fate
as unjust as it is,
even accepted her pancreatic cancer.
[somber music]
Why?
But why would she do that?
She believes that she's being punished
for having abandoned her son.
She told me that
feeling shame isn't enough.
Some people will always accept
their punishment, guilty or not.
Meanwhile, the truly guilty are
running free mocking the whole system.
-But either way,
-[sighs]
the only ones who really suffer
are the innocents.
I don't expect you to understand.
[sighs deeply]
For two days now,
I've experienced firsthand
the suffering of good people.
[exhales sharply]
I couldn't do anything about it.
I feel powerless and angry.
The most vulnerable among us
would feel that way.
Angry and powerless forever.
[Mr. Hong clicks tongue]
[sighs deeply]
[Mr. Hong exhales sharply]
I have a question.
Why did you become a public defender?
Hmm.
I needed to do more than defend.
I am my client's last chance.
When they have no one left to lean on, I…
I can still be there to grab onto.
I am their last straw.
[chuckles]
[phone buzzes]
Excuse me.
[buzzing continues]
Hello, Hong Yu-chan.
[rain pattering]
Hello. Hi. Is someone there?
[Mr. Hong] Hello?
[suspenseful music]
LAWYER HONG YU-CHAN
A prank call, I guess.
[clicks tongue]
[sighs]
I heard that
this is how to pour drinks here.
You know, you seem more genuine today.
Or am I dreaming?
[chuckles]
-Cheers.
Uh-uh. You have to turn around and drink.
-[Vincenzo] Right.
-[laughs]
[groans]
Come back. Back around.
Halfway.
[Vincenzo slurping]
[laughs]
[Vincenzo sighs]
[fingers snapping]
[Mr. Han] Hmm.
The Babel Pharmaceuticals case
is in the bag.
Ms. Hong just needs to finish up.
Babel E&C is the real problem.
We have to demolish the Geumga-dong Plaza.
-You should brace yourselves.
-Why do they need to do that?
Ah,
[chuckles]
it's actually pretty clever.
Knocking it down without notice
would be illegal,
so we bring in construction crews
for what we call a cleanup,
and accidentally damage the building.
The tenants move out in fear of collapse,
and Babel claims it's a mistake.
Just like that, taking a building.
Regardless of legality,
the job is gonna get done.
We get results.
[chuckles]
When it comes to
making people shit their pants,
lawyers are even better
than prosecutors. Ugh!
Bunch of assholes.
[chuckles]
Ah, she's always saying that.
[Mr. Han chuckles]
And…
Oh, dear.
[nervous chuckle]
Your dad is once again leading
the Development Opposition Committee.
Well, isn't that exciting for him?
Shouldn't we be determining
the scale of the cleanup damage?
Thankfully, it'll be smaller
than the new development in Yucheon-dong.
If I recall correctly,
four people still died.
That's not bad. Twelve people died
in Yonghu-dong's development.
It's fine. Back them into a corner
and they crawl out.
-Oh! You focus on your dad.
-[all laugh]
[indistinct chatter]
[Ms. Choi] Let's see.
-[door slams]
-[Cha-young sighs]
-I heard about how they're demolishing it.
-[thuds]
[Cha-young sighs]
[sighs]
They're so cruel. There are people…
Damn it! It isn't cruel!
Or it wouldn't be if they just left.
[scoffs]
What is the matter with these people?
How can they be so stubborn?
It might be hard to let go.
I think it's their damn lawyer.
He's encouraging them.
[scoffs]
A lawyer shouldn't be so emotional.
[groans]
[phone buzzes]
-[groaning]
-[buzzing continues]
-[groans]
[phone buzzing]
[sighs]
[buzzing continues]
[groans]
Doesn't it feel
like your head's split in two?
At least mine did.
[groans]
Yeah.
Thought you said it wouldn't be that bad.
[sighs]
[chuckles]
Come over. We'll eat something. All right?
-[Mr. Hong] I'll text you my address.
-[phone beeps]
But I…
[sighs]
-[door opens]
-[Mr. Hong] Come on in.
It's a mess in here, isn't it?
-The soup's just on to boil. Have a seat.
-Sounds good.
There's nothing worth looking at.
[chuckles]
[Mr. Hong] All right.
[deep exhale]
You must have another daughter, huh?
What? No. Those are of Cha-young.
What?
[ominous music]
I see.
[foreboding music]
Chairman, hello.
[laughs]
I've been told that
everything is ready for the demolition.
And my team will be all set by tomorrow.
Yes, sir.
[Mr. Han laughs]
Of course, sir. We have matters in hand.
I believe they'll start working
around 11 p.m. tomorrow.
Yes, sir. Goodbye.
Cha-young! Cha-young! Cha-young!
Hey, hey, hey. Listen!
[panting]
-[groans]
-What?
-They're…
-Mm? What? What?
-What is it? What? What?
-Tomorrow night,
they're going to knock the building
down at 11:00 p.m.
I heard Mr. Han on the phone
telling that cocky CEO all about it.
They're ready. They're doing it tomorrow.
What?
[slurps]
[Mr. Hong sighs]
[slurping, sighs]
How is it?
I bet you feel a lot better now. Right?
-Yeah.
-[laughs]
-I make the absolute best.
-[door opens]
[groans]
Can you pick up your phone, please?
I called you 30 times.
You are so noisy.
[Mr. Hong] What is it this time?
[Cha-young gasps]
Why are these still up?
I thought you were getting rid of them.
[sighs]
At least have something to eat, will you?
[groans]
This is a serious problem.
We don't have time to eat.
-What is it?
-[phone buzzes]
[Mr. Hong sighs]
Hello, Hong Yu-chan speaking.
Oh, I see.
You're just screening my calls then.
-Why? Why are you ignoring me?
-Sorry?
I see. One moment, please.
-Hang on. Hang on.
-[Cha-young grumbles]
[groans]
[ominous music]
I'd like to tell you what they did
to their test subjects.
Sure. So they are hiding something?
Yes. I… I can't tell you the details
over the phone.
We need to meet soon.
Of course.
Go ahead.
All right. Got it.
I'm heading over there right now. Bye.
[Cha-young] Babel E&C is going to--
This is urgent.
Speak to him about it, okay?
Mr. Hong! Dad! Stop!
[Cha-young groans]
[shrieks]
-[grunts]
-[thuds]
[Cha-young sobs]
[sobbing]
What is it?
[sighs]
[Vincenzo sighs]
Tomorrow night at 11:00,
they're demolishing the building.
Evacuate the tenants right now.
They said they're going to avoid
the residential area,
but who knows what's going happen?
[sighs]
I only met you three days ago,
but this is the first time
you seem worried.
The only one that I wish to worry about
right now is myself, okay?
If my dad gets hurt tomorrow,
it won't be a good look for me. Get it?
Think about it.
What do you think my colleagues will say?
Right.
[quirky music]
[Cha-young] What is wrong with him?
What is this, a crime scene?
Oh. Oh!
[gasps]
Oh. Damn it. You're done with this, right?
Ugh! Unbelievable!
I've told him so many times
not to let the dishes pile up.
He's like a child!
[foreboding music]
MOTEL
Mr. Yu, I'm Hong Yu-chan.
[suspenseful music]
[light clicks]
[Cha-young] Tomorrow night at 11:00,
they're demolishing the building.
Evacuate the tenants right now.
[suspenseful music continues]
[sighs deeply]
[Vincenzo] How can I stop them?
How?
[suspenseful music crescendos]
What? They're coming tonight?
[Mr. Nam] That's right, at 11:00.
And you didn't tell us sooner?
This is unbelievable.
[Mr. Lee] When they get here,
I could beat their damn faces
right into the ground.
But being a martial artist and all,
I'm afraid I might kill them by mistake.
Beat them. Wow!
We should evacuate. Do you wanna die?
Ah, Babel's just a bunch
of cruel assholes.
I hope they choke on their money!
But, like, what can we do?
Mr. Hong is currently hard at work doing--
Hard at work? Doing what?
I haven't seen him all day.
This place is where we live and work.
If we leave, we'll have nothing left.
[Toto] Oh. Oh, dear.
I bought all new utensils last month.
And I got a loan two months ago
for a new piano.
Mama Mia.
Mr. Cassano.
Aren't you going to say something?
[Mr. Tak] Just look at him.
What's he doing now?
Who cares? We better start packing.
[Mr. Lee] I'll start a… a loud protest
outside and distract them.
[Mr. Nam] What in the world are you doing?
[chimes]
Sir, this isn't the time
to be liking photos on social media.
-[Yeon-jin] What? Social media?
-[Mr. Tak] What is he liking?
Can you stop messing around
and come up with a plan?
[chimes]
[Mr. Lee] Huh?
[chuckles]
[beeping]
IMAGES MATCHING VINCENZO CASSANO
SEARCHED ON 13:11
-[agent 1] Is anyone in here?
-[door banging]
Wait, wait. Just hold on.
-[agent 2] It's him again.
-[door banging]
[clicking]
[agent 3] Damn it! Hey, come on, open up!
Vincenzo Cassano…
Vincenzo Cassano.
[operatic singing]
♪ O sole mio ♪
[exclaims]
[tenants clamoring]
[Hui-su] Pack! Come on!
Hey!
[Mr. Hong] Are you serious?
[Vincenzo] Yes.
I tried calling but you didn't answer.
I'm sorry. Something urgent came up.
What time is it?
Let me think. What should I do?
[Yu-chan sighs]
[Mr. Hong] What should I do?
[deep sigh]
ATTORNEY HONG CHA-YOUNG
[mouse clicking]
[clacking]
[clock ticking]
[suspenseful music]
[sighs]
[Mr. Han] Yeah, I'll call you back.
[Seung-hyuk sighs]
Nothing comes easy these days.
It's all work, work, work. What a pain.
Every painted masterpiece is made up
of many… layers of paint.
True, but our layer is the one people see.
[both chuckle]
-When do I meet the CEO?
-Oh, right.
In two days.
Mm-hm.
He has high hopes.
I need to see for myself how crazy he is.
[chuckles]
Sir.
[panting]
-What are you doing here?
-I have something urgent to report.
Go.
I heard something from Babel Headquarters.
A researcher from Babel Pharmaceuticals…
ran away during quarantine.
What?
Goddamn it.
[sighs]
What a shit show.
-[Mr. Han] Let's go.
-[Ms. Choi] Okay.
[clock ticking]
[ominous music]
-Shouldn't you get going?
-There's nothing I can do.
[sighs]
[groans]
[beeps, line ringing]
Where are you?
Why are you still there, Dad?
Don't worry. I'll be just fine.
Stop messing around and get out of there.
I'm turning my phone off.
You're distracting me.
-[phone beeps]
-Hello? Come on! Damn it!
Dad!
[groans]
-[grunts]
-Wait, wait! Don't forget!
-[groans]
-Oh! Thank you.
-[suspenseful music]
-[sighs]
[grunts, panting]
[grumbles]
My blood pressure.
-[groans]
-[phone buzzes]
-Yes, sir.
-Hey!
Where the hell are you?
I'm sorry, but I'm very busy right now.
[car engine revs]
[tires screech]
[whirring]
[goon] Over here.
[indistinct chatter]
Start. One, two, three.
Sir, we're ready.
Hey! Let's go!
-Yes, sir!
Come on!
-All right. Come on, let's go!
-Go, go, go!
[coughing]
Oh, geez!
Huh?
[tense music]
[car horn honks]
[groaning]
-[car rumbles]
-[Cha-young groans]
[tires screeching]
Damn it.
[thrilling music]
[tires screeching]
[panting]
[coughing]
Ugh! What is this?
TRADITIONAL SICILIAN WINE PARTY
FOR INSIDERS
[upbeat music]
Oh!
[party music]
What the hell is this?
[indistinct chatter]
[party music continues]
-[fire blazing]
-[crowd gasps]
[YouTuber] We're at the Traditional
Sicilian VIP Wine Party.
I've finally made it.
Make sure to like and subscribe
for all my exclusive content.
[panting]
[clapping]
[all whooping]
[all in Italian]
Cheers.
-Absolutely.
-Mr. Nam.
These gentlemen were just saying
how much they're enjoying the party.
-Ah.
-[Mr. Nam] They've been raving.
Nice to meet you. Thank you for coming.
[guest] Yes. Cheers.
We still have lots of time,
enjoy yourselves.
[party music]
[crowd] Five, four, three, two, one!
[crowd cheering]
[triumphant music]
[triumphant music continues]
[quirky music]
[clicks]
-[clinks]
-[sighs]
[quirky music continues]
[thrilling music]
[clinks]
Let's just leave him. Let's go.
-[Hui-su] Come on. We don't need him.
-[Mr. Lee] Huh!
We just need to get out.
-[Yeon-jin] Whatever.
-[Vincenzo] Wait.
Uh…
How about…
a party tonight?
[playful music]
[chiming]
[chiming continues]
[upbeat music]
TRADITIONAL SICILIAN WINE PARTY
FOR INSIDERS
[crowd cheering and applauding]
[lively music]
Oh! Excuse me for a second.
Sir, he's here.
This is the owner of the shop next door.
-Ah, right. Hello.
-This is Mr. Cassano.
Hello. Thank you for coming.
[guest] My pleasure.
-Show him around.
-[Mr. Nam] This way.
[dramatic music]
[dramatic music continues]
[theme music]
[Vincenzo] Have you figured it out yet,
what we're up against?
Drugs? Cartels?
Do you think this is American TV?
[in Italian]
Stupid idiot.
-[groans]
-Hey, Vincenzo!
[Vincenzo] They're not businessmen.
They're monsters.
They couldn't care less
about the lives of others.
Do you have to represent
Babel Pharmaceuticals?
[Ms. Choi]
And that will be the end of you.
[Mr. Hong] I'm not going down
without a fight.
You got a death wish or something?
For me, running away isn't an option.
[Mr. Hong] It will just put
more people in danger.
I wouldn't try anything.
You'll be dead if anything happens to me.
[clatters]